start-making/intro.md, before:

# Start Making
---
![MakeCode Blocks](images/makecode-screen.png)

To get started with the BrainPad you don't need to install any software. You don't even need a BrainPad -- just use the online simulator! Microsoft MakeCode makes it all possible.

> [!Tip]
> The BrainPad can also be programmed in the same way professional developers do. Depending on your goals and skill level, you can [**Go Beyond**](../go-beyond/intro.md) MakeCode and start coding using .NET and Visual Studio when you are ready.

## Microsoft MakeCode
Microsoft MakeCode is a great way to learn programming. MakeCode allows you to drag and drop blocks to create programs while seeing the results on a simulated BrainPad. MakeCode also has a JavaScript program editor. When you change your block program MakeCode changes your text (JavaScipt) program for you. Changes made to the text program will automatically show up as changes to your block program.

When you get your program working on the simulator, you can just drag and drop it to run it on the real BrainPad!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nijKM_TLoxM?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> [!Tip]
> The BrainPad has a simulator in [**MakeCode**](https://makecode.brainpad.com). This means you can start making even if you do not have a BrainPad yet.

## A Quick Test!
Run this quick test to verify your BrainPad is ready:

1. Plug your BrainPad into a computer running Windows using a micro USB cable. The red power (PWR) LED on the BrainPad should light up.
2. Press and hold the reset button for about 3 seconds. The BrainPad Light Bulb should turn green and the computer should find a new drive and open a window for it.
3. Download [this file]() and save it in the drive that came up in the previous step.
4. The green LED will flash a little then the board will reset and you will see someting like the image below.

If any of the steps above failed, visit this [Troubleshooting Guide](..\resources\troubleshooting-guide.md)

## You Are Ready
The BrainPad MakeCode section has instructions, tutorials, and sample programs:

### [**makecode.brainpad.com**](https://makecode.brainpad.com)


---
You are on the documentation website for the BrainPad. The main website is found at [www.brainpad.com](http://www.brainpad.com/)

Commit message:

Changed downloads page, added initial BrainPad test file.

start-making/intro.md, after:

# Start Making
---
![MakeCode Blocks](images/makecode-screen.png)

To get started with the BrainPad you don't need to install any software. You don't even need a BrainPad -- just use the online simulator! Microsoft MakeCode makes it all possible.

> [!Tip]
> The BrainPad can also be programmed in the same way professional developers do. Depending on your goals and skill level, you can [**Go Beyond**](../go-beyond/intro.md) MakeCode and start coding using .NET and Visual Studio when you are ready.

## Microsoft MakeCode
Microsoft MakeCode is a great way to learn programming. MakeCode allows you to drag and drop blocks to create programs while seeing the results on a simulated BrainPad. MakeCode also has a JavaScript program editor. When you change your block program MakeCode changes your text (JavaScipt) program for you. Changes made to the text program will automatically show up as changes to your block program.

When you get your program working on the simulator, you can just drag and drop it to run it on the real BrainPad!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nijKM_TLoxM?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> [!Tip]
> The BrainPad has a simulator in [**MakeCode**](https://makecode.brainpad.com). This means you can start making even if you do not have a BrainPad yet.

## A Quick Test!
Run this quick test to verify your BrainPad is ready:

1. Plug your BrainPad into a computer running Windows using a micro USB cable. The red power (PWR) LED on the BrainPad should light up.
2. Press and hold the reset button for about 3 seconds. The BrainPad Light Bulb should turn green and the computer should find a new drive and open a window for it.
3. Download [this file](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/BrainPad%20Loader%20Test.uf2) and save it in the drive that came up in the previous step.
4. The green LED will flash a little then the board will reset.
5. The display should show the text "Your BrainPad is ready to go!" and the Light Bulb should be lit blue something like the image below.

![Quick Test Results](images/quick-test.jpg)

If any of the steps above failed, visit this [Troubleshooting Guide](../resources/troubleshooting-guide.md)

## You Are Ready
The BrainPad MakeCode section has instructions, tutorials, and sample programs:

### [**makecode.brainpad.com**](https://makecode.brainpad.com)


---
You are on the documentation website for the BrainPad. The main website is found at [www.brainpad.com](http://www.brainpad.com/)
