resources/downloads.md, before:

# Downloads
---

## Visual Studio Project System
This extension is what gets loaded into Visual Studio to allow it to communicate with the BrainPad. For installation instructions [click here](../go-beyond/system-setup.md#install-the-tinyclr-project-system).

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.0-preview2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Extensions/TinyCLR%20OS%20Project%20System%20v1.0.0-preview2.vsix) | 2018-09-28 | 9854917F72723AE94B005420A8F6512D
[v1.0.0-preview1](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Extensions/TinyCLR%20OS%20Project%20System%20v1.0.0-preview1.vsix) | 2018-08-15 | 049923C25A981EF84E2CFB25CFB87855
[v0.12.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Extensions/TinyCLR%20OS%20Project%20System%20v0.12.0.vsix) | 2018-07-05 | 6E101D4D4A31CD9B3C174B849A41F84B
[v0.11.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Extensions/TinyCLR%20OS%20Project%20System%20v0.11.0.vsix) | 2018-05-10 | ECED507FCAF84B7104A8470126769F48

## NuGet Libraries
Libraries are hosted though a local NuGet feed for now as we are making lot of changes still. These libraries will be hosted on http://www.nuget.org/ in the future. For installation instructions [click here](../go-beyond/system-setup.md#install-the-tinyclr-nuget-packages).

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.0-preview2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Libraries/TinyCLR%20OS%20Libraries%20v1.0.0-preview2.zip) | 2018-09-28 | 6D5BA0E125FC42CDA7D2C893CEDB5F7C 
[v1.0.0-preview1](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Libraries/TinyCLR%20OS%20Libraries%20v1.0.0-preview1.zip) | 2018-08-15 | DF7DAB3754DE092D787D48ECBE42B82B 
[v0.12.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Libraries/TinyCLR%20OS%20Libraries%20v0.12.0.zip) | 2018-07-05 | EC7C4190984C5B26FF59874713B80B93
[v0.11.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/TinyCLR/Libraries/TinyCLR%20OS%20Libraries%20v0.11.0.zip) | 2018-05-10 | 041ED0458AC82595BD33C34284BF6661

## TinyCLR OS BrainPad Firmware
This is the TinyCLR OS [BrainPad](http://www.brainpad.com) firmware. For installation instructions [click here](../go-beyond/system-setup.md#step-2-setup-your-brainpad).

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.0-preview2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v1.0.0-preview2.uf2) | 2018-09-28 | 66FCCEA9CEA38719DA85A84D7C73DB2B
[v1.0.0-preview1](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v1.0.0-preview1.uf2) | 2018-08-15 | 9D627A6E4FD52AD3D51CA0354B9F55CD
[v0.12.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v0.12.0.uf2) | 2018-07-05 | 055C226F15EF82BE45B93C0C7641924B
[v0.11.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v0.11.0.uf2) | 2018-05-10 | F6C978F44BAFB13FFDF1C2577CB9D079


## Bootloader
This is the TinyCLR OS [BrainPad](http://www.brainpad.com) bootloader.
See the [DFU Files](dfu-files.md) page for instructions on loading DFU files.

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/Bootloaders/MakeCode/BrainPad%20Bootloader%20v1.0.2.dfu) | 2018-04-05 | 4285FFAD09CF4C4C1B3C676FBC53807A

Commit message:

use cloud for nuget and extension

resources/downloads.md, after:

# Downloads
---
## TinyCLR OS BrainPad Firmware
This tiny operating system can be loaded onto the BrainPad to enable it to work with Visual Studio.

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.0-preview2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v1.0.0-preview2.uf2) | 2018-09-28 | 66FCCEA9CEA38719DA85A84D7C73DB2B
[v1.0.0-preview1](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v1.0.0-preview1.uf2) | 2018-08-15 | 9D627A6E4FD52AD3D51CA0354B9F55CD
[v0.12.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v0.12.0.uf2) | 2018-07-05 | 055C226F15EF82BE45B93C0C7641924B
[v0.11.0](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/BrainPad/Firmwares/TinyCLR/BrainPad%20Firmware%20v0.11.0.uf2) | 2018-05-10 | F6C978F44BAFB13FFDF1C2577CB9D079


## Bootloader
This is the TinyCLR OS [BrainPad](http://www.brainpad.com) bootloader. This is already loaded on the BrainPad at factory. It is made available here for advanced users.
See the [DFU Files](dfu-files.md) page for instructions on loading DFU files.

File | Date | MD5
--- | --- | ---
[v1.0.2](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/Bootloaders/MakeCode/BrainPad%20Bootloader%20v1.0.2.dfu) | 2018-04-05 | 4285FFAD09CF4C4C1B3C676FBC53807A
